com/example/aggim/databinding/ActivityStampBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.ActivityStampBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/OrderListActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.OrderListActivityMainBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/OrderListItemBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.OrderListItemBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/HeaderItemBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.HeaderItemBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/ActivityDonationManagementBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.ActivityDonationManagementBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/DonateListActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.DonateListActivityMainBinding
com/example/aggim/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.aggim.BuildConfig
com/example/aggim/databinding/SwipeviewItemBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.SwipeviewItemBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/DonationManagementItemBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.DonationManagementItemBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/ActivityUpdateInfoBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.ActivityUpdateInfoBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/CartHeaderItemBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.CartHeaderItemBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/IntroPageBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.IntroPageBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/OrderItemHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.OrderItemHeaderBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/DonateItemBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.DonateItemBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/MainDrawerHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.MainDrawerHeaderBinding
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/example/aggim/databinding/SwipeviewActivityDetailBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.SwipeviewActivityDetailBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/CartActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.CartActivityMainBinding
=======
>>>>>>> 9b1c112e1e3228446061f1ec3c00d46023d25b3b
com/example/aggim/databinding/ActivityBuyProductBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.ActivityBuyProductBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/CartActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.CartActivityMainBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/CartItemBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.CartItemBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/SwipeviewActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.SwipeviewActivityMainBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/OrderItemBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.OrderItemBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/FragmentProductListBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.FragmentProductListBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/ActivityMainPageBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.ActivityMainPageBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/CustomDialogBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.CustomDialogBinding
com/example/aggim/MyGlideApp.java
 com.example.aggim.MyGlideApp
com/example/aggim/databinding/CartItemNewBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.CartItemNewBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/ActivityMyPageMainBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.ActivityMyPageMainBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/ActivityOrderListBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.ActivityOrderListBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/DonationCardviewBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.DonationCardviewBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/MainBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.MainBinding
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/example/aggim/mypage/buy/DetailActivity.java
 com.example.aggim.mypage.buy.DetailActivity
com/example/aggim/mypage/buy/Model.java
 com.example.aggim.mypage.buy.Model
com/example/aggim/mypage/buy/Adapter.java
 com.example.aggim.mypage.buy.Adapter
 com.example.aggim.mypage.buy.Adapter$1
=======
com/example/aggim/databinding/FragmentProductListBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.FragmentProductListBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/OrderItemHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.OrderItemHeaderBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/OrderItemBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.OrderItemBinding
com/example/aggim/databinding/CartHeaderItemBinding.java
 com.example.aggim.databinding.CartHeaderItemBinding
>>>>>>> 9b1c112e1e3228446061f1ec3c00d46023d25b3b
